## Configuration

The following tables list the configurable parameters of the PM Bulk Reporter chart and it's default values.

Parameter | Description | Default
--------- | ----------- | -------
`annotations` | List of additional key/value pairs of annotations appended to every resource object created within PM Bulk Reporter.| `{}`
`aumSupport.enabled` | Pre-login legal message generated by AUM. | `false`
`env.cmhost` | CM mediator's hostname and port to post schema and retrieve configuration. | `eric-cm-mediator:5003`
`env.cmhost_https` | CM mediator's secured hostname and port to post schema and retrieve configuration. | `eric-cm-mediator:5004`
`env.dnPrefix` | Provides naming context that allows the Managed Elements to be partitioned into logical domains.| `""`
`env.fileLocation` | Directory where the generated report files are stored. | `/PerformanceManagementReportFiles If Object Storage is enabled as a ROP File backend, then it is hardcoded with the bucket name 'eric-pmbr-rop-file-store'.`
`env.httpTimeout` | PM Bulk Reporter's HTTP request timeout. | `10`
`env.iscompressed` | PM Bulk Reporter's ROP file compression, if set to true, generates ROP Files with GZIP compression. | `false`
`env.kmshost` | Key Management's hostname and port to store ssh hostkeys | `eric-sec-key-management:8200`
`env.logLevel` | PM Bulk Reporter's log severity level. | `info`
`env.maxHttpSession` | Max HTTP Session towards the PM server. | `7`
`env.maxNoOfPmFiles` | Max number of files stored in the ROP file location which could be either emptyDir or PVC or Object Storage based on deployment configuration choice. | `1000`
`env.nodeName` | Identifies the NE. | `""`
`env.nodeType` | Type of network node that generates the ROP files. | `""`
`env.objectStorageHost` | Object Storage MN's hostname and port to load and manage objects. | `eric-data-object-storage-mn:9000`
`env.pmhost` | PM server's hostname and port to query Metrics. | `eric-pm-server:9090`
`env.pmhost_https` | PM server's secured hostname and port to query Metrics. | `eric-pm-server:9089`
`env.supportedGps` | Set the GPs allowed when creating a job. | `"one-min five-min fifteen-min thirty-min one-hour twelve-hour one-day"`
`env.swVersion` | Set the element swVersion is present in the report file. | `""`
`env.timeDelay` | Set the report generation time delay (seconds) after GP ended. | `0`
`env.timezone` | Going to be deprecated soon. Set the Time zone for PM Bulk Reporter and for SFTP Service. | `UTC`
`env.userLabel` | A freetext string for additional information to assist Managed Element identification.| `""`
`global.applicationId` | Global identifier of the NE. This is an alpha feature. | `""`
`global.nodeSelector` | Node labels for Pod assignment. | `{}`
`global.pullSecret` | PM Bulk Reporter's global pull secret. | `commented out`
`global.registry.pullSecret` |  (deprecated) PM Bulk Reporter's global pull secret. | `commented out`
`global.registry.url` | PM Bulk Reporter's image global registry. | `451278531435.dkr.ecr.us-east-1.amazonaws.com`
`global.security.tls.enabled` | Transport Layer Security. | `true`
`global.timezone`| PM Bulk Reporter's timezone setting | `UTC`
`global.security.policyBinding.create` | Creates Pod Security Policy (PSP) | `commented out`
`global.security.policyReferenceMap` | Creates Reference Map for Pod Security Policy (PSP) | `commented out`
`global.security.tls.enabled` | If true, TLS is used towards all services. | `true`
`imageCredentials.logshipper.registry.url` | The Log shipper docker image repository | `""`
`imageCredentials.logshipper.registry.imagePullPolicy` | The Log Shipper image pull policy | `""`
`imageCredentials.logshipper.repoPath` | The path to the Log Shipper repository within the above url | `proj-adp-log-released`
`imageCredentials.pullPolicy` | PM Bulk Reporter's pull policy. | `IfNotPresent`
`imageCredentials.pullSecret` | PM Bulk Reporter's pull secret. | `commented out`
`imageCredentials.repoPath` | PM Bulk Reporter's image path. | `proj-common-assets-cd/monitoring/pm`
`log.outputs| Supported values stdout, stream. If stream is selected, log shipper sidecar is enabled and log outputs are directly streamed to log transformer| stdout`
`log.logshipper.level| log level of log shipper, when enabled | info`
`logshipper.logtransformer.host | Log Shipper, Log transformer host | eric-log-transformer`
`logshipper.storageAllocation | Size of the shared volume | 1Gi`
`logshipper.harvester.closeTimeout | Log Shipper harvester close timeout | 5m`
`logshipper.logplane | The default logplane that will be used if no logplane is provided for a specific logpath | adp-app-logs`
`nodeSelector` | Node labels for Pod assignment. | `{}`
`objectStorage.enabled` | If true, ROP files are stored and managed in Object Storage MN Service. | `false`
`objectStorage.secretName` | If true, ROP files are stored and managed in ADP Object Storage MN Service under the 'eric-pmbr-rop-file-store' bucket owned by PM Bulk Reporter. This is an alpha feature, it is disabled by default | `eric-data-object-storage-mn`
`persistentVolumeClaim.accessMode` | Access mode. | `ReadWriteOnce`
`persistentVolumeClaim.annotations` | PM Bulk Reporter's PVC annotations. | `{ "helm.sh/resource-policy": keep }`
`persistentVolumeClaim.enabled` | if true, A PVC will be created. | `false`
`persistentVolumeClaim.existingClaim` | If not empty, an existing PVC will be used which name is given. | `""`
`persistentVolumeClaim.size` | PM Bulk Reporter's PVC size. | `500Mi`
`persistentVolumeClaim.storageClassName` | Storage class name of the PM Bulk Reporter's PVC. | `""`
`persistentVolumeClaim.storageConnectivity` | The connectivity of the storage, either local or networked. | `networked`
`persistentVolumeClaim.subPath` | Subdirectory of PM Bulk Reporter's PVC to mount. | `""`
`pmServer.pmServiceName` | The name of the *PM Server* service to be used to derive CA name by appending -ca. | `eric-pm-server`
`podDisruptionBudget.minAvailable` | Minimum available pods | 0
`probes.bulkreporter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `5`
`probes.bulkreporter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between readiness probes.| `15`
`probes.bulkreporter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.bulkreporter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.bulkreporter.readinessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`probes.bulkreporter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `15`
`probes.bulkreporter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between liveness probes.| `15`
`probes.bulkreporter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.bulkreporter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.bulkreporter.livenessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`probes.alarmreporter.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `5`
`probes.alarmreporter.readinessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between readiness probes.| `15`
`probes.alarmreporter.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.alarmreporter.readinessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.alarmreporter.readinessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`probes.alarmreporter.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `15`
`probes.alarmreporter.livenessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between liveness probes.| `15`
`probes.alarmreporter.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.alarmreporter.livenessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.alarmreporter.livenessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`probes.pmsftp.readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `5`
`probes.pmsftp.readinessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between readiness probes.| `15`
`probes.pmsftp.readinessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.pmsftp.readinessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.pmsftp.readinessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`probes.pmsftp.livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds` | Delay, in seconds, before Kubernetes starts polling the service for liveness. This value may have to be increased if pod restarts are occurring.| `15`
`probes.pmsftp.livenessProbe.periodSeconds` | Interval, in seconds, between liveness probes.| `20`
`probes.pmsftp.livenessProbe.timeoutSeconds` | Number of seconds to allow before the probe times out. | `15`
`probes.pmsftp.livenessProbe.failureThreshold` | Number of failures before considering the probe to have failed. | `3`
`probes.pmsftp.livenessProbe.successThreshold` | Number of successes before considering the probe successful. | `1`
`resources.alarmreporter.limits.cpu` | The maximum amount of CPU allowed per instance for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `1`
`resources.alarmreporter.limits.memory` | The maximum amount of memory allowed per instance for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `200Mi`
`resources.alarmreporter.limits.ephemeral-storage` | The maximum amount of ephemeral-storage allowed per instance for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `""`
`resources.alarmreporter.requests.cpu` | The requested amount of CPU per instance for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `100m`
`resources.alarmreporter.requests.memory` | The requested amount of memory per instance for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `50Mi`
`resources.alarmreporter.requests.ephemeral-storage` | The requested amount of ephemeral-storage for the PM Alarm Reporter Service. | `""`
`resources.bulkreporter.limits.cpu` | The maximum amount of CPU allowed per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `1`
`resources.bulkreporter.limits.memory` | The maximum amount of memory allowed per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `200Mi`
`resources.bulkreporter.limits.ephemeral-storage` | The maximum amount of ephemeral-storage allowed per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `""`
`resources.bulkreporter.requests.cpu` | The requested amount of CPU per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `100m`
`resources.bulkreporter.requests.memory` | The requested amount of memory per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `50Mi`
`resources.bulkreporter.requests.ephemeral-storage` | The requested amount of ephemeral-storage per instance for the PM Bulk Reporter Service. | `""`
`resources.initcontainer.limits.cpu` | The maximum amount of CPU allowed per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `1`
`resources.initcontainer.limits.memory` | The maximum amount of memory allowed per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `200Mi`
`resources.initcontainer.limits.ephemeral-storage` | The maximum amount of ephemeral-storage allowed per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `""`
`resources.initcontainer.requests.cpu` | The requested amount of CPU per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `50m`
`resources.initcontainer.requests.memory` | The requested amount of memory per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `50Mi`
`resources.initcontainer.requests.ephemeral-storage` | The requested amount of ephemeral-storage per instance for the PM Initcontainer Service. | `""`
`resources.logshipper.limits.cpu` | The maximum amount of CPU allowed per instance for logshipper. | `100m`
`resources.logshipper.limits.memory` | The maximum amount of memory allowed per instance for logshipper. | `100Mi`
`resources.logshipper.limits.ephemeral-storage | Amount of local storage being limit for this container. | `
`resources.logshipper.requests.cpu` | The requested amount of CPU per instance for logshipper. | `50m`
`resources.logshipper.requests.memory` | The requested amount of memory per instance for logshipper. | `50Mi`
`resources.logshipper.requests.ephemeral-storage | Amount of local storage being limit for this container. | `
`resources.pmsftp.limits.cpu` | The maximum amount of CPU allowed per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `1`
`resources.pmsftp.limits.memory` | The maximum amount of memory allowed per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `200Mi`
`resources.pmsftp.limits.ephemeral-storage` | The maximum amount of ephemeral-storage allowed per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `""`
`resources.pmsftp.requests.cpu` | The requested amount of CPU per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `50m`
`resources.pmsftp.requests.memory` | The requested amount of memory per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `50Mi`
`resources.pmsftp.requests.ephemeral-storage` | The requested amount of ephemeral-storage per instance for the PM SFTP Service. | `""`
`security.keyManagement.enabled` | If true, ssh hostkeys are stored in Key Management Service. | `false`
`security.keyManagement.serviceName` | Name of the Key Management Service. | `eric-sec-key-management`
`security.tls.alarmHandler.enabled` | If true, TLS is used towards the Alarm Handler service.| `true`
`security.tls.alarmHandler.serviceName` | Name of the Alarm Handler service.| `eric-fh-alarm-handler`
`security.tls.cmMediator.enabled` | If true, TLS is used towards the CM Mediator service. | `true`
`security.tls.cmMediator.serviceName` | Name of the CM Mediator service. | `eric-cm-mediator`
`security.tls.messageBusKF.enabled` | If true, TLS is used towards the Message Bus Kafka service. | `true`
`security.tls.messageBusKF.serviceName` | Name of the Message Bus Kafka service. | `eric-data-message-bus-kf`
`security.tls.objectStorage.enabled`| If true, TLS is used towards the Object Storage MN service. | `true`
`security.tls.objectStorage.serviceName` | Name of the Object Storage MN service. | `eric-data-object-storage-mn`
`security.tls.pmServer.certificateAuthorityBackwardCompatibility` | If true, the client certificate will be signed with SIP-TLS intermediate CA which is part of the SIP-TLS trusted root CA chain. This is only for deployments with PM Server (5.1 or below). If false, the client certificate will be signed with the PM CA | `false`
`security.tls.pmServer.enabled` | If true, TLS is used towards the PM service. | `true`
`security.tls.pmServer.serviceName` | Name of the PM service. | `eric-pm-server`
`service.annotations` | PM Bulk Reporter's service annotations. | `{}`
`service.annotations.sharedVIPLabel` | The value used with annotation key to indicate the VIP address is being shared among ADP services that are using the same label. | ""
`service.annotations.addressPoolName` | The pool name configured using External Connectivity Management Front End (ECM FE) service to fetch VIP address. | ""
`service.endpoints.pmScrapeTarget.tls.enforced` | Enable scraping over TLS if set to 'required'. If set to 'optional' only clertext is provided. | required
`service.endpoints.pmScrapeTarget.tls.verifyClientCertificate` | Enable client authentication if set to 'required'. If set to optional no client authentication will be done. | required
`service.loadBalancerIP` | IP address to assign to load balancer (if supported). | `""`
`service.externalTrafficPolicy` | Preserve the client source IP. | `Cluster`
`service.servicePort` | PM Bulk Reporter's service Port. | `9022`
`service.type` | PM Bulk Reporter's service type. | `LoadBalancer`
`service.externalIPv4.enabled | Enable IPv4 only LoadBalancer | ""
`service.externalIPv4.loadBalancerIP | IPv4 only LoadBalancer IP | ""
`service.externalIPv4.externalTrafficPolicy` | Preserve the client source IP. | `Cluster`
`service.externalIPv4.servicePort | IPv4 only service port | 9022
`service.externalIPv4.annotations.sharedVIPLabel | The value used with annotation key to indicate the VIP address is being shared among ADP services that are using the same label.  | ""
`service.externalIPv4.annotations.addressPoolName | The pool name configured using External Connectivity Management Front End (ECM FE) service to fetch VIP address. | ""
`service.externalIPv6.enabled | Enable IPv6 only LoadBalancer | ""
`service.externalIPv6.loadBalancerIP | IPv6 only LoadBalancer IP | ""
`service.externalIPv6.externalTrafficPolicy` | Preserve the client source IP. | `Cluster`
`service.externalIPv6.servicePort | IPv6 only service port | 9022
`service.externalIPv6.annotations.sharedVIPLabel | The value used with annotation key to indicate the VIP address is being shared among ADP services that are using the same label. | ""
`service.externalIPv6.annotations.addressPoolName | The pool name configured using External Connectivity Management Front End (ECM FE) service to fetch VIP address. |
`terminationGracePeriodSeconds` | The grace period is the duration in seconds after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. | `30`
`thresholdReporter.alarmHandlerHostname` | Hostname of the Alarm Handler service.| `eric-fh-alarm-handler`
`thresholdReporter.alarmHandlerPort` | Port of the Alarm Handler service.| `6005`
`thresholdReporter.alarmHandlerTlsPort` | Secure port of the Alarm Handler service.| `6006`
`thresholdReporter.enabled` | If true, Threshold Reporter will be enabled. | `false`
`thresholdReporter.kafkaHostname` | Hostname of the Kafka service. | `eric-data-message-bus-kf-client`
`thresholdReporter.kafkaPort` | Port of the Kafka service. | `9092`
`thresholdReporter.kafkaTlsPort` | Secure port of the Kafka service. | `9093`
`thresholdReporter.restAPI` | If true, Fault Indication will be sent over the the Alarm Handler REST API instead of MessageBus Kafka.| `false`
`thresholdReporter.thresholdGps`| Threshold GPs. | `"ten-seconds thirty-seconds one-min five-min fifteen-min thirty-min one-hour twelve-hour one-day"`
`topologySpreadConstraints` | TopologySpreadConstraint can be specified to spread Bulk Reporter pods among the given topology to achieve high availability and efficient resource utilization.Application deployment engineer can define one or multiple topologySpreadConstraint.| `[]`
`trace.agent.host` | The hostname for communicating with agent via UDP. | `eric-dst-jg-agent`
`trace.agent.port` | The port for communicating with agent via UDP. | `6831`
`trace.enabled` | If true, Distributed Trace support will be enabled. | `false`
`trace.reporter.flushInterval` | The reporter's flush interval, with units, e.g. "500ms" or "2s". | `0`
`trace.reporter.logSpans` | Whether the reporter should also log the spans. | `false`
`trace.reporter.maxQueueSize` | The reporter's maximum queue size. | `0`
`trace.sampler.managerHostPort` | The HTTP endpoint when using the remote sampler. | ``
`trace.sampler.maxOperations` | The maximum number of operations that the sampler will keep track of. | `0`
`trace.sampler.param` | The sampler parameter used when tracing. | `0.01`
`trace.sampler.refreshInterval` | How often the remotely controlled sampler will poll jaeger-agent for the appropriate sampling strategy. | `0`
`trace.sampler.type` | The sampler type used when tracing. | `"probabilistic"`
`updateStrategy.type` | Update strategy type for server. | `"RollingUpdate"`
`userConfig.ldap.enabled` | If true, LDAP support will be enabled NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `false`
`userConfig.ldap.rolesConfig.readOnlyGroup` | Set the roles which have only read permission NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `"SystemReadOnly,ApplicationOperator"`
`userConfig.ldap.rolesConfig.readWriteGroup` | Set the roles which have read and write permission NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `"SystemAdministrator,ApplicationAdministrator"`
`userConfig.ldap.searchBase` | Set the search base for LDAP server NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `"ou=people,dc=la,dc=adp,dc=ericsson"`
`userConfig.ldap.ssluri` | Set an LDAPS server  for role2group validation only. URL NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `"ldaps://eric-sec-ldap-server:636"`
`userConfig.ldap.uri` | Set an LDAP server URL NOTE: This feature is not covered by any SLA or deprecation policy and might be subject to backward-incompatible changes. This is an alpha feature. This is not meant for production use. | `"ldap://eric-sec-ldap-server:389"`
`userConfig.ldap.useIPv6DNSFirst` | Use IPv6 DNS first, then IPv4 | `false`
`userConfig.secretKey` | Set a working Secret Key for accessing SFTP User details. | `""`
`userConfig.secretName` | Set a working Secret Name for accessing SFTP User details. | `""`
`yangModelSupport.enabled` | Delivers default NACM Rules for authorization to ietf-netconf-acm configuration. Shall be configured to "false" when CM Yang Provider is not deployed. | `true`

Specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]` argument to `helm install`. For example,

```console
$ helm install <releasename> <reponame>/eric-pm-bulk-reporter  \
    --set persistentVolumeClaim.enabled=true \
    --namespace <namespace>
```

Alternatively, a YAML file that specifies the values for the above parameters can be provided while installing the chart.
For example,

```console
$ helm install <releasename> <reponame>/eric-pm-bulk-reporter  \
    -f values.yaml \
    --namespace <namespace>
```

### User Provisioning to Access PM ROP Files via SFTP when not using LDAP
To be able to get PM ROP files using SFTP client, at deployment a list of users and password's must be provisioned.
User details must be well documented in a yaml file and a Kubernetes Secret object must be created by using the same file.
Below are the steps to achive this:

1. Create an Encrypted password(s) for the user(s)

By using below the below example, an encrypted password could be generated.
An encrypted password for the user `daffy`, whose password is `duck` is created by using openssl using a strong SHA512 algorithm using salt "salt":

```
python3 -c 'import crypt; print(crypt.crypt("duck", crypt.mksalt()))'
$6$FCpL4DoXYonKBYis$Q15W9mSamcgbfpSuNk9zsduof.nztwNYueoYDDGFf7ZzE5wB3MXABVM.e2/jSPQllZBQubMR.RaeEzD4S/JFy.
```

2. Create a User Details Configuration file

Create a User Detail Configuration File with the name `users.yaml` with below contents:

```
$ cat users.yaml
users:
 - user: nemo
   groups: [adp-pm-core]
   encryptedPass: $6$iAjGLL6eZrad7w0w$V9f/Z5/pUHoqlH/afjTYXYLKlemr4hhc8pT2Q8yCVVUnXN7MVN1JV2/XrioUOmChnf8UY7qcBPDgFLekF0hfA0

 - user: daffy
   groups: [adp-pm-users]
   encryptedPass: $6$FCpL4DoXYonKBYis$Q15W9mSamcgbfpSuNk9zsduof.nztwNYueoYDDGFf7ZzE5wB3MXABVM.e2/jSPQllZBQubMR.RaeEzD4S/JFy.
```

3. Create a Secret Object

Below is an example of creating a secret named `pm-br-sftp-users-secret` in the namespace `staging` with configuration file created above in step 2.
```
$ kubectl create secret generic pm-br-sftp-users-secret --from-file=./users.yaml --namespace staging
secret "pm-br-sftp-users-secret" created
```
4. Pass these Parameters either by editing Values.yaml or by using helm CLI commands at installation phase
```
$ cat Values.yaml
...
userConfig:
      secretName: pm-br-sftp-users-secret
      secretKey: users.yaml
```
(or)

Use set CLI commands like:
```
helm install <releasename> ./eric-pm-bulk-reporter --set userConfig.secretName=pm-br-sftp-users-secret  --set userConfig.secretKey=users.yaml --namespace=staging
```
